You know what.
I changed my mind just because I would like to be done covering the tax properties.
We're gonna cover five properties in this video and then we can move on to the next module.
How are we gonna do a little bit of spring cleaning.
So first I'm gonna get rid of the Google fonts.
Then as well we're gonna get her of rest of the styles.
I'm gonna delete them and within the next session email let's do a little bit of different setup where
we again.
I just want to delete everything and we're gonna start from scratch.
So first I would like to create a link and then we can create this dummy link.
So if this link is not going to work going anywhere we can just add a hashtag and we're good to go.
And let's right over here let's say Google is gonna be a link which is not gonna go anywhere.
And then we're all gonna have one having one and we're gonna say Hey I am I am the main heading something
like this.
Main heading lets say this and see what we have.
This is going to be your main heading.
And then we can have two paragraphs with let's say each of them class of one two three.
First let's create a paragraph.
This paragraph is gonna be Laura I'm on.
Twenty five.
I actually want multiple lines.
So that's kind of my important thing.
I think three lines is more enough.
I'm just gonna say here.
Class.
Class is gonna be number one.
And now we'd like to copy and paste this.
So I'm gonna select all of this on one too.
So there's gonna be paragraph where the class of number two.
You know what I can just use the multiple sectors deleted here.
Then head over back to my class number two.
That class actually.
Let's say that class is going to be number two.
And then for a third guy this is gonna be the class of number three.
Again not very original but this is gonna do a job now within the tiles.
Yes yes.
We're gonna start by simply looking at the line right now.
The line high is going to control how the lines have the space in between them.
So let's start out on the paragraph number one.
And here let's write.
Line height property since that is obviously the names that we're looking for and for the line height.
This is gonna be relative.
Again at the moment we haven't set it up and anything that the parent which would be the body but in
general this is gonna be relative to something.
So at the moment this is gonna be relative to the browser.
So we're gonna say one point five M's notice right down my line heights are getting bigger don't believe
me.
Let's try 2.5 and you'll see that right now I have way bigger line height.
But again if we're going to change this somewhere in the body or the parent element let's say there
is gonna be div then this is going to depend again of how we're controlling for the parent at the moment.
This is working with the browser and let's say I'm gonna say zero point five then my lines are going
to be very small.
And that's how the line height would work.
Next up we have the letter spacing so let's write for the paragraph number two.
We're going to be looking for the letter spacing and will be the name and again let's go with pixels
in this case.
But you can use different values and four letter spacing.
We're gonna add a five pixels and what do you think is gonna happen.
I think the name is quite self-explanatory.
The one we're going to save it.
I'm gonna be getting these five pixels in between each and every letter on the actual element that I
have selected so far so good.
We also have the word spacing so let's say for the guy number three we're gonna have the word spacing
property so let's say what is words spacing.
Yeah let's do the same thing 20 pixels should be more than enough.
Now in between each and every word we are getting our 20 pixels.
Again extremely self explanatory.
The two properties with letter spacing and word spacing as well as line height is also very self-explanatory.
Then we have text transform.
So why don't we practice on our heading here.
I'm going to say we're still having one and then we're going to be looking for text transform and in
the text or form we're going to have capitalized.
I'm going to have lowercase and we're going to be looking for uppercase.
So these are the ones that we will going to use most of the time.
So let's say I start with an upper case the whole text is gonna be uppercase and sure enough write down
my headings uppercase I can also do let's say capitalized then the letter of each word is going to first
letter is going to be capitalized just like this.
And then if we want to test that out lowercase Obviously again we're gonna have to go to the body and
let's say for all of them for all the elements I have text transform is gonna be the uppercase and here
for the heading I'm going to change my mind and I'm gonna say I would like to go with the default one
which is lowercase.
But if you're not gonna add anything to the parent element which in our case would be the body then
obviously nothing is gonna happen if you're going to add lowercase because this comes by default as
well as we have text decoration.
Now the easiest way to show you text declaration especially the default one for the length is by looking
at the link.
Ok maybe let's make it a little bit bigger just so I can get my point across.
So in order to select the link I can use the easiest selector that is out there which is an element
selector because you guessed the right link as what.
Well the element is a.
So I'm just selecting the link and let's have the property we already know the font size let's say 40
pixel.
Now I have a massive massive link.
Now one of the things that is kind of annoying about the link here is the fact that it has this underline
by default.
So what you are going to do a lot whenever you're going to be working with he you're going to be looking
for text decoration and in this case we're not going to be looking for colors going to say that we would
want text decoration not so you're gonna get rid of this underline unless you really dig down the line
and let's look at different properties that we have down the line and let's say not for the whole body
but for the heading One.
Let's again go for tax decoration and for tax decoration.
Let's do a line through I'm not going gonna have line Eric through our Eric one.
Also we have the on over line option.
Why don't we test it out on this guy on paragraph number two where we have the line.
I'm sorry that line text tax declaration would be in our case over line and this would go not underline
and not hold delays.
We're going to have over line and sure enough what happens is you see that we have overlap.
Now again it kind of does make sense.
We have multiple lines right.
So you might be thinking well it's kind of like an underline Yeah it is underlined because if you're
looking from this perspective and just to kind of give you an idea we know we can use line height.
So why don't we get really creative and add this line right now for sure.
You must agree with me that this is going to be overlap and last but not least we have the underlying
which again we can use it.
So let's say for this guy we will gonna change and to underline so.
That's right.
Tax uh decoration Yeah.
Not text decoration.
Yeah.
Text decoration.
Uh it was the underlined and sure enough we have it as an underline.
So this is how we can use all these five properties line night layer spacing words spacing text transform
as well as text decoration.